TINKERPOP-3038: Console plugins file can't accept empty lines (#3003)
apache/tinkerpop: CHANGELOG.asciidoc

* Changed Gremlin grammar to make use of `g` to spawn child traversals a syntax error.
* Added `unexpected-response` handler to `ws` for `gremlin-javascript`
* Fixed bug in `TinkerTransactionGraph` where a read-only transaction may leave elements trapped in a "zombie transaction".

> * Changed console to consider typos and empty lines in plugins.txt by skipping over or clarifying as invalid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed issue in `gremlin-console` where it couldn't accept plugin files that included empty lines or invalid plugin names.
```
Explain what was fixed, not how it was fixed since this is a user facing file.
